README.md, before:

# Family Store Dev

#### by [maciejors](https://github.com/maciejors) & [pawelb100](https://github.com/pawelb100)

*DISCLAIMER: this is a personal project*

Family Store Dev is a Next.js project designed to manage a service that stores mobile applications for installation, similar to Google Play Store. This project allows developers to upload APK files and custom details about their own Android applications hosted in Firebase. There's a complementary mobile app Family Store ([repo](https://github.com/pawelb100/Family_Store)) used to view and download available apps directly into Android mobile phones.

## Technologies Used

- **Next.js**: A React framework for building server-rendered applications.
- **JavaScript**: The primary programming language used in the project.
- **Tailwind CSS**: A utility-first CSS framework for UI development.
- **Firebase Realtime Database**: A cloud-hosted NoSQL database to store and sync data in real-time.
- **Firebase Storage**: A cloud storage service for securely uploading and downloading content.
- **OneSignal REST API**: A service for sending push notifications to our mobile app users.

## Features
  
- **View App Details:** Access detailed information about each application, including descriptions, authors, recent changelogs, and screenshots.
   - **Download Installation Files:** Users can easily download the installation files for their selected applications. The page is responsive
     and on smaller devices looks almost like its counterpart in the Family Store mobile app.

- **Authentication:**
   - **Sign In:** Allow users to sign in to their accounts for personalized experiences and app preferences.
   - **Create New Account:** Provide a seamless process for users to create new accounts and access additional features.

- **App management:**
  - **Create New App:** Effortlessly add new applications to the platform, providing detailed information, screenshots, logos, and changelogs.
  - **Update Existing Apps:** Empower users to upload new versions of their applications.
  - **Edit Existing App Details:** Modify app name, update description and changelog, and update logo and screenshots to keep the content up-to-date and accurate.

- **Brands:**
  - Allow users to group their apps and publish them under different author names.

## Planned Features

We are actively working on enhancing Family Store Dev with the following features:

- **Browse Applications:**
  - Explore list of mobile applications available on the platform.

## Screenshots

![Login Page](https://firebasestorage.googleapis.com/v0/b/family-store.appspot.com/o/Family%20Store%202%2Ffs-screenshots%2Ffsd1.png?alt=media&token=fa0e72fd-9eff-4b92-8503-bb82f84a8efe)

![Dashboard](https://firebasestorage.googleapis.com/v0/b/family-store.appspot.com/o/Family%20Store%202%2Ffs-screenshots%2Ffsd2.png?alt=media&token=1b07173b-285d-441c-8deb-693321d1a6f8)

![Adding an app](https://firebasestorage.googleapis.com/v0/b/family-store.appspot.com/o/Family%20Store%202%2Ffs-screenshots%2Ffsd3.png?alt=media&token=47b27365-a0c5-4261-921b-21496e904006)

![Updating an app](https://firebasestorage.googleapis.com/v0/b/family-store.appspot.com/o/Family%20Store%202%2Ffs-screenshots%2Ffsd4.png?alt=media&token=a3994fc0-d8f4-4e40-b328-190c02d643ec)

![Editing an app](https://firebasestorage.googleapis.com/v0/b/family-store.appspot.com/o/Family%20Store%202%2Ffs-screenshots%2Ffsd5.png?alt=media&token=30c3f457-05d9-4c9c-ab11-4c34c9b8d872)

![Managing brands](https://firebasestorage.googleapis.com/v0/b/family-store.appspot.com/o/Family%20Store%202%2Ffs-screenshots%2Ffsd6.png?alt=media&token=e108e32a-d2df-4c5f-8f3e-1cc17fa4fc5a)

![App page](https://firebasestorage.googleapis.com/v0/b/family-store.appspot.com/o/Family%20Store%202%2Ffs-screenshots%2Ffsd7.png?alt=media&token=0debcdf0-5fc2-4b3d-b5be-29b548be28e7)

![App page mobile](https://firebasestorage.googleapis.com/v0/b/family-store.appspot.com/o/Family%20Store%202%2Ffs-screenshots%2Ffsd8.png?alt=media&token=f8e87fe4-1b4b-4bd8-91c7-4078ede633d8)

Commit message:

[feature/#44] complete the migration to supabase

README.md, after:

# Family Store Dev

#### by [maciejors](https://github.com/maciejors) & [pawelb100](https://github.com/pawelb100)

*DISCLAIMER: this is a personal project*

Family Store Dev is a Next.js project designed to manage a service that stores mobile applications for installation, similar to Google Play Store. This project allows developers to upload APK files and custom details about their own Android applications hosted in Supabase. There's a complementary mobile app Family Store ([repo](https://github.com/pawelb100/Family_Store)) used to view and download available apps directly into Android mobile phones.

## Technologies Used

- **Next.js**: A React framework for building server-rendered applications.
- **JavaScript**: The primary programming language used in the project.
- **Tailwind CSS**: A utility-first CSS framework for UI development.
- **Supabase**: A cloud-hosted PostgreSQL database, file storage, and authentication provider.
- **OneSignal REST API**: A service for sending push notifications to our mobile app users.

## Features
  
- **View App Details:** Access detailed information about each application, including descriptions, authors, recent changelogs, and screenshots.
   - **Download Installation Files:** Users can easily download the installation files for their selected applications. The page is responsive
     and on smaller devices looks almost like its counterpart in the Family Store mobile app.

- **Authentication:**
   - **Sign In:** Allow users to sign in to their accounts for personalized experiences and app preferences.
   - **Create New Account:** Provide a seamless process for users to create new accounts and access additional features.

- **App management:**
  - **Create New App:** Effortlessly add new applications to the platform, providing detailed information, screenshots, logos, and changelogs.
  - **Update Existing Apps:** Empower users to upload new versions of their applications.
  - **Edit Existing App Details:** Modify app name, update description and changelog, and update logo and screenshots to keep the content up-to-date and accurate.

- **Brands:**
  - Allow users to group their apps and publish them under different author names.

## Planned Features

We are actively working on enhancing Family Store Dev with the following features:

- **Browse Applications:**
  - Explore list of mobile applications available on the platform.

## Screenshots

![Login Page](https://ggbpzyvanxsbpypmmzrd.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/default/fs-screenshots/fsd1.png)

![Dashboard](https://ggbpzyvanxsbpypmmzrd.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/default/fs-screenshots/fsd2.png)

![Adding an app](https://ggbpzyvanxsbpypmmzrd.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/default/fs-screenshots/fsd3.png)

![Updating an app](https://ggbpzyvanxsbpypmmzrd.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/default/fs-screenshots/fsd4.png)

![Editing an app](https://ggbpzyvanxsbpypmmzrd.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/default/fs-screenshots/fsd5.png)

![Managing brands](https://ggbpzyvanxsbpypmmzrd.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/default/fs-screenshots/fsd6.png)

![App page](https://ggbpzyvanxsbpypmmzrd.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/default/fs-screenshots/fsd7.png)

![App page mobile](https://ggbpzyvanxsbpypmmzrd.supabase.co/storage/v1/object/public/default/fs-screenshots/fsd8.png)
